hey guys so today there's been a huge
huge leak of information on the game are
more for three on the multiplayer the
campaign weapons vehicles just
everything you want to know there's that
there's a new co-op mode well it's it's
sort of new and if you guys want me to
go over all these things leave a comment
down below because it's going to take a
long time I want to know if you guys are
interested but check out this article if
you want to know more I'll go over stuff
basically there's if there's information
with the campaign that actually says
pretty much everything that happens in
the campaign the games already pretty
much out except you can't play it like
they know everything about this game
it's crazy that they have all the names
for the multiplayer maps and there's
supposed to be 20 of them but um a lot
of people are saying it's going to cut
like maybe about five of those or 10 of
those are going to come up in two
different different map packs and it's
there's not enough information here
saying whether that's going to happen or
not and there's spec up smoke coming
back but there's different there's
different versions of spec ops so it's
kind of an advanced version really cool
scrolling down even more there's
screenshots of different maps yeah I
don't know they haven't really yeah
they're running out the same engine as
modern warfare 2 i'm not sure that's a
good thing or a bad thing a lot of
people are saying okay same graphics
same engine ah a huge hype got yourself
a modern warfare game or a call of duty
game I wouldn't necessarily say that's
true but it is kind of in certain
aspects you have different um I don't
know what you call it camo you here's
inside pictures of a I don't know it
looks like a tank that a lot of people
in talking about before these pictures
in came out but it looks as if I don't
know it looks like there's a gun on top
but then the more you look it might not
be a I'm pretty sure it is though and
the helicopter looks as if it doesn't
really have a gun on it which could
possibly mean that they're going to
that they're going to be just for
transporting people and another rumor is
that the maps are going to be
significantly bigger just like
battlefield 3 so that's something to
definitely keep in mind it goes over all
the weapons crazy there's just so much
info on this you guys should really
check it out if you want me to talk
about the multiplayer specific co-op
mode the vehicles anything I really have
to say about it i'm really looking
forward to this game i I'm gonna buy it
whether or not i like it i haven't
really played black ops in months many
months i forget if i didn't play this
year yeah of course i have i played this
year um but it's been it's been quite a
few months since i've actually played it
morrow referred to though i play that
game a lot i stopped about I don't know
maybe the middle of the summer the next
year when black ops release release
later so there's maybe a three or four
month gap in between mano River to and
black ops and right looking at looking
at black ops I hardly played the game
and when I stopped playing there's
around a eight month um at different so
so my guys when you thought a black ops
model refer to if you if you like the
graphics and black ops I didn't it all
just kind of get gear thoughts on them
you've your thoughts in either game and
whether or not you think you're gonna
pick up this one I know I am and there's
no doubt a lot of people are I really
think it's going to be the next best
selling answer came in title again as
black ops was and black ops kind of
sucked although maybe all the people who
bought black ops might not be as
impressed as I thought they would so
maybe then I can pick up this game but
if they really knew modern warfare the
series they would get this one so far
mine worker games are def definitely the
best I there's been rumors about black
ops 2 coming out I don't really do just
the franchise in general now for black
ops is kind of just it's a bad idea to
continue it if you just come up with
another another name
another style you're gonna get that many
more sales just because it doesn't have
black ops attached with a lot of people
hate black ops a lot of people only play
for zombies and that's another thing I
think they should actually come up with
a individual game that just just you
just play zombies comes maybe on eight
maps may be less even five I would be
okay charge 60 pops you're gonna hit a
lot of sales who um whoever makes it I
don't know who to address because
there's so many different companies
contributing to call of duty right now
so ridiculous everyone wants their money
everyone wants the money from the
franchise because it's huge really big
money to be made and yeah I say why not
just make it a strictly zombies game I
really don't see what could go wrong
maybe add a few different new characters
of course new weapons new abilities even
maybe and you're gonna make some make
some dough millions and millions of
millions anyways so leave your thoughts
below again thanks guys for watching and
over the rate comment and subscribe
thank you